the moment has come
centuries from now almost all humans
have lost the ability to see some say
sight was taken from them by God to heal
the earth for the few who remain vision
is only a myth but after so many years
the power of sight has returned what is
it
sometimes different children they have
the ability to see
[Music]
my children they have the power that we
would call magical or evil must protect
them
for centuries we feared this day would
come
the evil of light once almost destroyed
the world
and it has returned find the children
who can't see
and brings them to me no don't confess
if we kill the babies they might leave
us alone
no I stand with bah-bah-bah
[Music]
he's chosen our gift
they will bring new knowledge they will
begin a new world
our family we are one we fight as one
[Music]
you see it has come
it's astonishing how the smallest moment
can change an entire world
you